male announcer:
IN THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM,
SEXUALLY BASED OFFENSES ARE
CONSIDERED ESPECIALLY HEINOUS.
IN NEW YORK CITY,
THE DEDICATED DETECTIVES
WHO INVESTIGATE
THESE VICIOUS FELONIES
ARE MEMBERS OF AN ELITE SQUAD
KNOWN AS
THE SPECIAL VICTIMS UNIT.
THESE ARE THEIR STORIES.
[children playing]
[beep]
- TESSA. TESSA.
- SWEETIE, COME HERE.
- [babbles]
- I'M GONNA GET YOU!
AWOO!
- [giggles]
[laughter]
- WHOO!
- WHAT'S WITH THE SUNSCREEN?
YOU'RE TURNING INTO ONE OF THOSE
WOMEN WE USED TO MAKE FUN OF.
- SHE'S GOT YOUR FAIR SKIN.
SHE'LL BURN.
AND WHAT DO YOU THINK?
- LOOK, WHAT'S THAT?
- TESSA, LOOK. OH!
[laughter]
[phone beeps]
- [babbling]
- OH! OH, YEAH?
- [babbling continues]
- OH, WHERE YOU GOING?
- DO YOU WANT TO PLAY?
DO YOU WANT TO COME PLAY?
- I'M TWO DOZEN EMAILS BEHIND.
CAN YOU TAKE THE FIRST SHIFT?
- OKAY, SURE, BUT LISTEN,
BE QUICK, OKAY?
IT'S LIKE THEY KNOW
I'M ON KID DUTY.
- OKAY. LET'S GO PLAY.
[child fussing]
- PLAY, YEAH. PLAY.
- LET'S GO PLAY.
- PLAY? PLAY?
- YEAH, GO PLAY.
- MAMA.
MA MAMA.
[babbling]
- I'M AT THE PLAYGROUND.
TALK LOUD AND FAST.
[sighs]
MY BEST SALESMAN
HAD THE WRONG DATA
FOR HIS POWERPOINT.
- YOU BAIL HIM OUT?
- OH, THEY'RE IDIOTS.
THEY CAN'T EVEN--
- WHERE'S TESSA?
- SHE'S PLAYING IN THE SAND.
- TESSA!
TESSA!
TESSA?
- OKAY, SHE WAS RIGHT HERE.
- TESSA!
HEY, HEY.
TESSA?
- TESSA!
TESSA!
both: TESSA! TESSA! TESSA!
TESSA! TESSA!
- [hyperventilating]
- JOSIE, I NEED YOU TO--
I NEED YOU TO STAY CALM,
NOW TRY TO BREATHE, OKAY?
- [staggered breath]
- LOOK, I'M TELLING YOU, SHE--
- THERE YOU GO.
- SHE WAS PLAYING
IN THE SAND.
I TOOK A CALL, I LOOKED UP,
SHE WAS GONE.
- WHAT TIME WAS THE CALL?
- I DON'T KNOW.
- WELL, IT'LL BE ON YOUR CELL.
- THAT'S GOOD.
TAKE A BREATH, AND TELL ME,
WHAT WAS TESSA WEARING?
- PINK PANTS.
A PINK JACKET.
- OKAY.
- THIS IS FROM EARLIER
THIS MORNING.
- OH, WAIT, WAIT, HOLD UP.
WHO'S THAT?
- SEE THIS GUY
IN THE PARK TODAY?
- NO.
- UN-UH.
- ONE-YEAR-OLD GIRL,
BLOND HAIR, PINK OUTFIT?
- MM-MM.
- EXCUSE ME, MA'AM.
YOU SEE THIS MAN
AT THE PLAYGROUND?
- NOT TODAY,
BUT HE'S BEEN HERE BEFORE.
HE'S NOT A PARENT.
THEY SAY HE'S ON THE LIST.
I TAKE HIS PICTURE AND I CALL
THE PRECINCT WHEN I SEE HIM.
THERE.
[door opens]
- ALLEN CLYDE?
- POLICE.
- I DON'T WANT TROUBLE.
- WHERE IS SHE?
- YOU GOT A LITTLE GIRL IN HERE,
ALLEN?
- I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
- NO?
YOU'RE A SEX OFFENDER
AND YOU WERE AT THE PLAYGROUND.
WHAT WERE YOU DOING THERE
THIS MORNING?
- I WORK THE NIGHT SHIFT
AS A JANITOR.
I WAS JUST CUTTING THROUGH
THE PARK.
- TALK TO THIS LITTLE GIRL?
- I JUST WANTED
TO HELP HER DOWN.
SHE WAS SCARED.
- WHERE IS SHE?
- I DON'T KNOW.
HER MOTHER TOOK HER.
- TRY AGAIN, THE MOTHER
DOESN'T KNOW WHERE SHE IS.
- NO, NO, I'M NOT LYING!
SHE LEFT WITH HER MOM.
- YEAH? WHAT DID
THE MOTHER LOOK LIKE?
- UH, STRAIGHT BLOND HAIR,
SEE-THROUGH DRESS WITH, LIKE,
A BLACK PATTERN ON IT.
SHE'S GOT THAT BABY.
GO FIND HER!
- ALLEN, YOU WEREN'T SUPPOSED
TO BE IN THAT PLAYGROUND.
LET'S GO!
- [snoring]
- THE SEX OFFENDER FROM THE
PLAYGROUND FALLS ASLEEP HERE?
NOT A GOOD SIGN.
- COULD BE THE JOINT HE SMOKED.
ALLEN WAS WINDING DOWN
FROM A NIGHT SHIFT.
- THE OTHER MOTHERS IN THE PARK
SAID THAT THEY KNOW THIS GUY.
THEY SAID THAT HE HANGS AROUND
AND HE WATCHES.
- TESSA WASN'T IN HIS APARTMENT.
WE CHECKED THE SURROUNDING AREA.
HE DIDN'T HAVE A LOT OF TIME
TO STASH HER.
- OKAY, WAKE HIM UP,
MAKE HIM GO OVER HIS MORNING.
THIS MOTHER HE SAW TAKE TESSA?
EVERY DETAIL.
- THE DAD VIDEOTAPED TESSA
GETTING SUNSCREEN PUT ON.
I MEAN, IS THAT
WHAT PARENTS DO NOW?
JUST RECORD EVERYTHING?
- WELL, YOU DON'T WANT
TO MISS A MOMENT.
- IF MY MOTHER TOOK ME TO
WALMART FOR THE EASTER PHOTO
AND TO THE MALL
FOR THE ONE WITH SANTA,
BY THE TIME
MY SISTER CAME AROUND?
NO ONE EVEN BOTHERED
WITH THAT.
- MM.
LOOK, THERE'S OUR S.O.R.
- ALLEN CLAIMS HE SAW
A BLOND WOMAN TAKE HER.
- WELL, THERE'S LOTS
OF BLOND MOMS.
- MM, YOU KNOW,
LOOK FOR ONE IN A FLORAL DRESS.
- LIKE HER?
- YEAH.
- HANG ON, ISN'T THAT THE SAME
DIAPER BAG THAT TESSA'S MOM HAS?
[keyboard clicking]
- AND THAT'S
THE DAD'S BABY CARRIER.
- SO, ALLEN COULD BE
TELLING THE TRUTH?
- NO ONE LOOKS TWICE AT A MOM
LEAVING THE PARK WITH A BABY
IN HER SLING.
- YEAH.
OKAY, I'LL GO TELL CAPTAIN.
DOWNTOWN THERE'S VIDEO
SURVEILLANCE EVERYWHERE.
WE GOTTA GO BACK OVER
EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM.
- THAT'S TESSA.
WHO'S THAT WOMAN?
- WELL, WE'RE TRYING
TO FIGURE THAT OUT.
WE GOT THIS FROM A SECURITY
CAMERA ON MURRAY STREET.
NOW, YOU'RE SURE...
THAT YOU'VE
NEVER SEEN HER BEFORE?
- NO, NO,
SHE'S NOT ONE OF THE MOMS.
WHO IS SHE?
WHY WOULD SHE DO THIS?
- WELL, SOMETIMES WHEN A WOMAN
TAKES A BABY, IT'S BECAUSE SHE'S
FANTASIZED A RELATIONSHIP
WITH THE CHILD.
OFTENTIMES,
THEY'VE WATCHED THE FAMILY.
- I WOULD HAVE NOTICED HER
HANGING AROUND.
- YOUR JOB, DOES IT EVER
TAKE YOU OUT OF TOWN?
DO YOU EVER LEAVE TESSA HERE
WITH YOUR HUSBAND?
- YES, JOSIE TRAVELS FOR WORK.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
- NOW LOOK, BRAYDON, WE JUST
WANT TO FIND YOUR DAUGHTER.
- I WOULD NEVER BRING
ANOTHER WOMAN HOME.
- ANYONE ELSE HAVE ACCESS
TO YOUR PLACE?
- UH, TESSA'S NANNY
IS WITH HER ON WEEKDAYS.
- CARMEN SILVA.
SHE'S GUATEMALAN, BUT SHE'S BEEN
HERE FOR TEN YEARS.
- OKAY, I'M GONNA NEED
HER ADDRESS.
- ADDRESS, PHONE NUMBER, COPY OF
HER PASSPORT, I HAVE ALL OF IT.
- OH, NO, LITTLE TESSA?
WHO WOULD TAKE HER?
- WELL, THAT'S WHAT WE'RE
TRYING TO FIND OUT.
WHO ELSE LIVES HERE?
- UH, MI ABUELITA, MI MAMA,
HER SISTERS, MY COUSINS.
- WELL, YOU WATCH TESSA
12 HOURS A DAY.
ANYBODY EVER HELP YOU
WITH HER?
OR, YOU LEAVE HER ALONE
WITH SOMEBODY?
- OH, NO, NO, I KEEP TESSA
ALWAYS WITH ME.
I NEVER TAKE HER TO MCDONALD'S.
I NEVER LET ANYONE
IN THE HOUSE.
- HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS WOMAN?
- YES. SHE'S THE ONE
WHO TAKES THE PICTURES
IN THE PARK OF THE BABIES.
- YOU KNOW HER NAME?
- NO.
BUT FOR MOTHER'S DAY,
SHE GAVE ME
A PICTURE SHE TOOK
OF ME AND TESSA.
I BOUGHT A FRAME
TO KEEP IT NICE.
"LIFEMOMENTSBYDIA.COM."
[pounding at door]
- OPEN IT UP.
THERE'S A MISSING BABY.
OPEN IT UP.
[keys jingling,
lock opening]
[distant humming,
baby babbling]
- DIA NOBILE?
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- POLICE.
- DIA, WE NEED TO GET THAT BABY
BACK TO HER MOM AND DAD.
- IT'S OKAY, I'M HER MOM.
- YOU'RE TAKING GOOD CARE
OF HER.
- OF COURSE I AM.
SHE'S MINE.
- SO THEN, I KNOW THAT YOU'RE
GONNA WANT TO KEEP HER SAFE
UNTIL WE GET ALL OF THIS
STRAIGHTENED OUT, RIGHT?
- YOU WOULD HELP ME WITH THAT?
- ABSOLUTELY, DIA.
YOU KNOW, I HAVE A DAUGHTER.
I GET IT.
- SO THE BEST THING RIGHT NOW,
DIA,
IS FOR YOU TO LET ME HOLD HER,
OKAY?
- OKAY, JUST--
PLEASE, BE CAREFUL.
- HEY, SWEETIE.
COME HERE, SWEETHEART, YEAH.
- [babbles]
- IT'S OKAY, LOVIE.
IT'S OKAY.
- NO, STOP!
NO, SHE'S MY BABY!
SHE'S MINE!
- DIA NOBILE,
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
- YOU CAN'T ARREST ME.
I'M HER MOTHER.
I PUT EVERYTHING TOGETHER
IN A FOLDER.
IT'S ON THE DRESSER.
JUST LOOK AT IT.
- I WILL. WE WILL.
- IT'S ALL THERE.
[baby crying]
HER BIRTH CERTIFICATE.
IT PROVES THAT I'M HER MOTHER.
PLEASE, PLEASE.
- IT'S OKAY, SWEETIE.
- MOMMY. I WANT MOMMY!
- I KNOW. I KNOW, LOVIE.
- [crying]
- THE DOCTORS SAY THAT
PHYSICALLY SHE'S FINE.
SHE'S UNHURT.
- YOU'RE OKAY, BABY.
- WE CAN'T THANK YOU ENOUGH.
WE'LL BE TAKING HER HOME NOW.
- YEAH, WE JUST NEED
TO CLEAR UP A FEW THINGS.
- WHAT ELSE IS THERE
TO CLEAR UP?
- THE WOMAN WHO TOOK TESSA,
DIA NOBILE, SHE HAS A BEDROOM
IN HER LOFT THAT'S EXTREMELY
SIMILAR TO TESSA'S.
AND YOUR NANNY SAID
THAT SHE DIDN'T LET HER IN.
- NEITHER DID WE.
WE TOLD YOU THAT.
- YOUR APARTMENT'S NOT FOR SALE,
IS IT?
- WELL, IT WAS ON THE MARKET
LAST SPRING.
YOU CAN CHECK WITH OUR BROKER.
- SHE ALSO SAID
THAT SHE GAVE BIRTH TO TESSA,
AND THAT SHE GAVE HER UP
FOR ADOPTION.
- SO SHE'S A NUT JOB.
- WELL SHE DOES HAVE A BIRTH
CERTIFICATE FOR A BABY GIRL,
SAME AGE AS TESSA.
- BUT IT'S NOT TESSA'S.
- BECAUSE YOU HAVE THAT ONE?
CAN WE GET A COPY OF THAT,
JUST FOR PROTOCOL?
- UH, YOU ARE
TESSA'S BIOLOGICAL MOTHER?
- TESSA WAS BORN THROUGH
A SURROGATE.
- WITH BRAYDON'S SPERM.
- WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES
THAT MAKE?
WHY IS THAT ANYONE'S BUSINESS?
- OKAY.
WAS IT THROUGH A PRIVATE
SURROGACY, OR THROUGH AN AGENCY?
- PRIVATE.
OUR LAWYER FOUND
THE BIRTH MOTHER.
SHE WAS A WONDERFUL WOMAN.
ERIN?
SHE WAS STUDYING TO BE A VET.
WE HELPED HER PAY
HER COLLEGE BILLS,
AND SHE HELPED US.
- SO YOU HAVE ALL THE PAPERWORK?
SURROGACY AGREEMENT,
ADOPTION PAPERS?
- YES, EVERYTHING IS IN ORDER.
WE CAN SCAN YOU THE PAPERS.
- TESSA IS OURS.
- SO JOSIE DIDN'T GIVE BIRTH
TO TESSA,
AND DIA SAYS
SHE'S THE BIOLOGICAL MOTHER.
- SHE SWEARS
THAT SHE WAS TRICKED
INTO LETTING THEM ADOPT TESSA.
- AND THE LEDDYS SWEAR
THAT THEY'VE NEVER SEEN
OR HEARD OF HER BEFORE NOW?
SHE SOUNDS DELUSIONAL.
- BUT SHE DID HAVE A FILE
WAITING FOR US WITH
A COPY OF THE BIRTH CERTIFICATE
AND THE TERMINATION
OF HER PARENTAL RIGHTS.
- AND ST. LUKE'S CONFIRMS
DIA DELIVERED
"BABY GIRL NOBILE,"
NO FATHER LISTED,
THE SAME WEEK TESSA WAS BORN.
- NICK, I MEAN, THE LEDDYS
DID HOLD OUT ON US.
TESSA WAS BORN TO A SURROGATE,
AND THE LEDDYS
DIDN'T LET US KNOW THAT
UNTIL AFTER WE FOUND HER.
- OKAY,
WELL HOW'S THEIR PAPERWORK?
- UH, NEW YORK STATE BIRTH
CERTIFICATE FOR A HOME BIRTH,
THE MOTHER LISTED
AS AN ERIN MURPHY,
THE FATHER, BRAYDON LEDDY.
A SECOND BIRTH CERTIFICATE
LISTING JOSIE LEDDY
AS THE ADOPTIVE MOTHER.
THEY ALSO HAD THE TERMINATION OF
ERIN MURPHY'S PARENTAL RIGHTS.
- AND I JUST FOUND
A BIG RED FLAG.
DIA'S ADOPTION PAPERS AND
THE LEDDYS' SURROGACY AGREEMENT
WERE DRAFTED BY THE SAME LAWYER?
WENDELL FEENEY?
- WHERE IS MR. FEENEY?
- F-E-E-N-E-Y?
- YEAH.
- FINDING ONE WENDELL FEENEY
OUT IN PATCHOGUE.
A PERSONAL INJURY LAWYER.
- CAPTAIN, I GOTTA TELL YOU.
BY THE LOOK IN HER EYE,
DIA MAY HAVE A CONNECTION
TO THIS BABY.
- WELL WHAT I SAW IN HER EYE
WAS A WHOLE LOT OF CRAZY.
- ALL RIGHT, LOOK.
WE FOUND THE BABY,
THE KIDNAPPER'S IN CUSTODY,
WE'RE DONE.
- BUT STILL,
CAPTAIN, COME ON.
IT'S WORTH TRACKING
THIS GUY DOWN.
I MEAN, JUST TO SEE
IF HE'S ON THE UP AND UP?
- ALL RIGHT, ONE CONVERSATION
WITH THE LAWYER,
AND THEN THIS MOVES
OFF OUR PLATE.
- I COULD HAVE SAVED
YOU THE TRIP.
WENDELL DIED FROM SEPSIS
A MONTH AGO.
WENT IN FOR A HIP REPLACEMENT,
NEVER MADE IT BACK.
- I'M SO SORRY.
AND YOU WERE HIS LAW PARTNER?
- 30 YEARS.
- YOU KNOW, WE'RE LOOKING INTO
AN ADOPTION
AND A SURROGACY,
BOTH ABOUT A YEAR AGO.
THE BIRTH MOTHER
WAS A DIA NOBILE.
- ADOPTION?
WE DON'T DO FAMILY--
THAT IS HIS SIGNATURE.
IT MAKES NO SENSE.
- IS IT POSSIBLE THAT WENDELL
MADE AN EXCEPTION?
- MAYBE SOMEONE PASTED
HIS SIGNATURE ONTO THIS.
WENDELL WAS ALWAYS BY THE BOOK.
[keyboard clicking]
MS. NOBILE IS NOT SHOWING
AS A CLIENT.
- OKAY.
CAN YOU CHECK JOSIE
AND BRAYDON LEDDY, L-E-D-D-Y?
- MM, NOT THEM EITHER.
- IF YOU COULD JUST CHECK
ONE MORE NAME?
A SURROGATE, ERIN MURPHY.
[keyboard clicking]
- OKAY, ERIN MURPHY I'VE GOT.
BUT NOT FOR A SURROGACY.
A SLIP AND FALL
IN A SUPERMARKET.
- ERIN MURPHY?
WE'VE LEFT MESSAGES WITH HER,
BUT SHE HASN'T CALLED US BACK.
- DID YOU EVER MEET HER?
- NO, SHE WAS VERY BUSY WITH
HER COLLEGE CLASSES,
BUT WE SKYPED.
- WE SENT TWO DETECTIVES
TO HER CAMPUS.
SHE'S NO LONGER
REGISTERED THERE,
AND SHE DIDN'T LEAVE
A FORWARDING ADDRESS.
- WELL, MAYBE WHEN FEENEY
CALLS US BACK
WE CAN FIND OUT WHERE SHE IS.
- HE WON'T BE CALLING YOU BACK.
HE DIED A MONTH AGO.
- WAIT, WENDELL FEENEY'S DEAD?
WELL, WE DIDN'T KNOW.
WE'RE NOT EXACTLY IN TOUCH.
- HOW DID YOU MEET HIM?
- HE'S A COUSIN BY MARRIAGE.
HE HEARD ME TALKING
AT OUR FAMILY REUNION
ABOUT MY FERTILITY ISSUES.
HE OFFERED TO HELP.
- LOOK, JUST TELL US...
DID FEENEY SCREW UP
THE PAPERS?
- IT COULD BE MORE
THAN JUST PAPERS.
WE'RE GONNA NEED DNA FROM YOU.
- YOU'RE SAYING
I'M NOT TESSA'S FATHER?
- LOOK, IT'S EASY
TO CONFIRM WITH A DNA TEST.
- BRAYDON, JUST...DO IT.
MAKE THIS GO AWAY, PLEASE.
- SO ONCE THE DNA
PROVES TESSA'S MINE,
I GET HER BACK, RIGHT?
- HONEY, EVEN IF SHE IS
YOUR BIOLOGICAL CHILD,
YOU CAN'T JUST STEAL HER.
- I GOTTA ASK YOU A QUESTION.
WHY'D YOU GIVE HER UP?
- WELL, MY LOVER,
TESSA'S FATHER,
SAID IT WOULD ONLY BE TEMPORARY,
JUST A FEW MONTHS.
HIS WIFE'S DYING.
SHE HAS A BRAIN TUMOR.
BUT, MEANWHILE, A FEW MONTHS
TURNS INTO A YEAR,
AND I MISS HER FIRST STEPS,
HER FIRST BIRTHDAY.
IT WAS JUST TOO MUCH.
- WE'RE GONNA NEED
TO TALK TO THE FATHER.
- DIA, YOU'VE GOT
A BAIL HEARING TOMORROW.
YOU'RE GONNA NEED SOMEONE
TO CONFIRM YOUR STORY.
- I CAN'T.
I MEAN, HE'D BE FURIOUS.
- WELL, HONEY,
IF WE CAN'T TALK TO HIM,
YOU'RE NOT GONNA SEE TESSA.
- [exhales sharply]
IT'S KENT WEBSTER, THE DEAN
AT JOHN ADAMS LAW SCHOOL.
- HE'S RELATED
TO THAT OLD JUDGE, RIGHT?
- YEAH, CLARK'S HIS DAD.
AND THE APPLE DOESN'T FALL
FAR FROM THE TREE.
CLARK'S DISTINGUISHED,
BUT KENT IS GORGEOUS.
WE MET WHEN I SHOT THE COVER
PHOTO FOR HIS ALUM MAGAZINE.
IT WAS LUST AT FIRST SIGHT.
- DIA NOBILE MADE BAIL.
SHE HAS A HEALTHY BANK ACCOUNT
FOR A FREELANCER.
- WELL, SHE MIGHT HAVE
A SILENT PARTNER.
SHE'S CLAIMING THAT TESSA'S
FATHER IS KENT WEBSTER.
- KENT WEBSTER?
HE'S ON THE SHORT LIST
FOR THE SUPREME COURT,
SHE'S A FORMER YOGA INSTRUCTOR.
ON WHAT PLANET
DO THESE TWO CROSS PATHS?
- THEY MET ON A PHOTO SHOOT.
THE EDITOR WHO FIRED HER
STILL HAS AN ORDER OF
PROTECTION OUT AGAINST HER.
- OKAY, I MEAN, SHE'S UNSTABLE.
BUT A LOT OF GUYS LIKE DRAMA.
- BREAKING NEWS.
THE LEDDYS' DOCUMENTS,
DIA'S ADOPTION PAPERS,
ALL FAKES.
THEY WERE NEVER FILED
WITH THE COURT.
- SO BABY GIRL NOBILE'S
BIRTH CERTIFICATE
IS THE ONLY
LEGITIMATE DOCUMENT?
EVERYTHING ELSE
IS PART OF A SCAM?
FEENEY WAS THE LEDDYS' COUSIN.
ARE THEY IN ON THIS?
- BRAYDON LEDDY BELIEVES
WITH ALL HIS HEART
HE'S THAT LITTLE GIRL'S
FATHER.
- WELL, UNTIL THE DNA COMES
BACK, WE CAN'T POINT FINGERS.
- WELL, WE CAN'T,
BUT DIA HAS, RIGHT?
AT KENT WEBSTER.
- TREAD CAREFULLY.
BENSON, GO WITH.
AND AT THE SCHOOL,
NOT HIS HOME.
- DIA NOBILE.
I MEET A LOT OF PEOPLE.
- WELL, SHE PHOTOGRAPHED YOU
FOR ALUMNI MAGAZINE.
- OH, YEAH, RIGHT, RIGHT.
WHY ARE YOU ASKING ME?
- WELL, SHE SAYS
YOU'RE THE FATHER
OF HER ONE-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER,
AND THAT YOU FORCED HER TO GIVE
THE BABY UP TO ANOTHER FAMILY.
- I HARDLY KNOW THIS WOMAN.
- SO YOU'RE NOT HER BABY DADDY?
- ABSOLUTELY NOT.
I BARELY KNOW HER.
- SHE KNOWS YOU.
SHE KNOWS PERSONAL DETAILS
ABOUT YOUR CAREER,
YOUR WIFE'S ILLNESS.
- MY FATHER'S A JUDGE.
HIS AUTOBIOGRAPHY
CAME OUT THIS YEAR.
OUR LIVES ARE LITERALLY
AN OPEN BOOK RIGHT NOW.
- EXCUSE ME, DEAN WEBSTER?
- GIVE ME A SECOND?
YEAH?
- A DIA NOBILE CALLED.
SHE SAID SHE'LL MEET YOU
AT HOME?
- YOU NEED TO HIM GO!
[sirens wailing]
HE WANTS TO RAISE TESSA WITH ME.
- KENT! WHO IS THIS?
- BABY, I KNEW YOU'D COME.
- ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND?
- COME--
- GET--GET AWAY.
- DIA, STEP BACK.
- GET AWAY!
- DIA, STEP BACK!
- GET THIS CRAZY WOMAN
OFF MY PROPERTY.
[breathes heavily]
GO, COME ON.
- KENT?
- GET IN THE HOUSE.
COME ON.
- COME ON.
- I'M NOT A STALKER.
KENT LOVES ME.
- HE'S GOT A FUNNY WAY
OF SHOWING IT.
- WELL, HE HAD TO.
SHE WAS RIGHT THERE.
LOOK AT HIS TEXT.
MY PHONE'S IN MY BAG.
"YOU'RE THE ONLY STAR
IN MY GALAXY,"
"MY HAPPIEST PLACE
IS IN YOUR GOLDEN TRIANGLE."
THAT'S MY FAVORITE ONE.
- AND HE SENT THESE
FROM HIS CELL?
- NO, WE HAVE A PRIVATE PHONE.
- SO THERE'S NO WAY
TO PROVE THEY'RE FROM HIM.
- YEAH, BUT, HE SENT ME PICS
OF KING SEBASTIAN.
THAT'S WHAT WE CALL IT.
- OKAY.
- LOOK, I SWEAR,
TESS IS KENT'S.
- BUT, UH, I--
- I SCRATCHED HIM.
CAN YOU GET DNA FROM THAT?
- HEY, GET CSU OVER HERE.
- YEAH, RIGHT AWAY.
- SHE KIDNAPPED A BABY?
WH--WHY IS SHE OUT ON BAIL?
- HAVE YOU HAD CONTACT WITH HER?
- NO.
I MEAN, I--
I CALLED HER A YEAR AGO
TO THANK HER FOR THE PHOTOS.
SHE CALLED ME BACK ON MY HOME
PHONE A FEW TOO MANY TIMES,
AND MY RADAR WAS UP,
AND I CHANGED THE NUMBER.
- SO YOU NEVER SENT HER
ANY TEXTS?
- IS THAT WHAT SHE SAID?
- HOW ABOUT PICTURES?
AND I DON'T MEAN OF YOUR FACE.
- SHE'S NUTS.
YOU CAN CHECK MY PHONE.
SEE FOR YOURSELF.
- SHE'S OBVIOUSLY
MAKING THE WHOLE THING UP.
- I'LL--I'LL GET THAT.
- HAS KENT MENTIONED
DIA BEFORE?
- NO. NO, HE DOESN'T KNOW HER.
- HANNAH, HAD YOU HEARD OF HER?
- OF COURSE NOT.
- MOM?
EH, SHE'S IN MY ZUMBA CLASS,
AND I WENT OUT WITH HER
A FEW TIMES.
I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
I NEVER WOULD HAVE TALKED
TO HER.
- HANNAH,
YOU COULDN'T HAVE KNOWN.
- SHE'S RIGHT, SWEETHEART.
THE WOMAN IS CRAZY.
- HANNAH, WHY DON'T YOU COME
TALK TO ME FOR A SECOND?
- WE HAD COFFEE
TWO OR THREE TIMES.
AND THEN SHE TOLD ME
SHE KNEW MY DAD.
THAT HE WAS CHARMING,
BUT EVERYBODY SAYS THAT.
- SHE EVER MENTION YOUR MOM?
- THAT'S WHAT'S SO MESSED UP.
I MEAN,
SHE TALKED ABOUT HER A LOT,
ASKING ABOUT HER TREATMENTS
AND HOW I'M HOLDING UP.
- SO SHE GOT PERSONAL
PRETTY QUICKLY.
- IT'S BEEN HARD
WITH MY MOM SICK.
I FELT LIKE SHE WANTED
TO BE MY BIG SISTER.
- YOUR MARRIAGE IS SOLID?
- WELL, IT HASN'T ALWAYS
BEEN PERFECT.
BUT SINCE MY DIAGNOSIS,
KENT HAS BEEN A ROCK.
CAN'T YOU GET ONE OF THOSE
ORDERS OF SELECTION
TO KEEP HER AWAY?
- YOU MEAN PROTECTION, HONEY.
- OH.
[both chuckling]
- IT'S OKAY.
- IT'S MY CONDITION.
THE WORDS GET SCRAMBLED.
- I UNDERSTAND.
- IF WE GET AN O.O.P.,
THAT'S PUBLIC.
REPORTERS OUTSIDE THE HOUSE.
YOU DON'T NEED THAT.
YOU TELL THE NUTCASE, SHE COMES
ANYWHERE NEAR MY FAMILY,
WE'LL PRESS CHARGES.
- SORRY THIS TOOK SO LONG,
BUT CUSTODY DISPUTES ARE NOT
A PRIORITY AROUND HERE.
- WELL, THIS COULD BE
MORE COMPLICATED THAN THAT.
- I DON'T HAVE
ALL THE ANSWERS YET,
BUT DIA NOBILE
IS TESSA'S BIOLOGICAL MOTHER.
THE DNA'S A MATCH.
- SO SHE WAS TELLING
THE TRUTH ABOUT THAT.
WHO'S THE FATHER?
- YOU CAN RULE OUT
BRAYDON LEDDY.
- THAT'S GONNA BE A DIFFICULT
CONVERSATION TO HAVE.
AND KENT WEBSTER?
- SHE SCRATCHED HIM UP
PRETTY GOOD, AND WE HAVE
MORE THAN ENOUGH DNA, BUT...
AGAIN, IT'S NOT AT
THE TOP OF THE WORK LIST.
- IS THERE ANY WAY
TO HURRY THAT UP?
'CAUSE DIA'S CLAIMING
THAT KENT TRICKED HER
INTO GIVING UP
THEIR LOVE CHILD.
- AND THE LEDDYS WERE TRICKED
INTO BELIEVING
THAT BABY TESSA
CAME TO THEM
THROUGH A SURROGATE.
- YOU DO KNOW,
EVEN IF IT TURNS OUT THAT KENT
IS THE BIOLOGICAL FATHER,
THERE'S NO WAY I CAN PROVE
HE KNEW ABOUT THE BABY.
- OH, HE KNEW.
I MEAN, COME ON,
THE SEXTING, THE BURNER CELL.
HE KNOCKED UP HIS MISTRESS,
AND THEN DUMMIED UP A BUNCH OF
LEGAL PAPERS TO KEEP HER QUIET.
HE'S A SOCIOPATH.
- HE TOLD HER THAT
THIS WOULD BE RESOLVED
WITHIN A YEAR, AND NOW
SHE'S TRYING TO REMIND HIM.
- YOU KNOW, KENT DID SEND HER
PHOTOS OF HIS "KING."
ANY WAY TO VERIFY?
- NOT WITHOUT SEEING
THE ORIGINAL IN A SIMILAR STATE.
YOU WANT TO ASK
FOR THAT SUBPOENA?
- HOW LONG FOR THE DNA?
- YOU SURE IT'S HIS?
BLUFF HIM.
- I'M THE FATHER?
THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE.
- DNA DOESN'T LIE.
- YOU MIGHT WANT TO CAREFULLY
CONSIDER YOUR ANSWER, COUNSELOR.
- OKAY.
THERE IS ONE POSSIBILITY.
- YEAH, WE FIGURED THAT.
- AFTER THE PHOTO SHOOT,
I WAS, UH, TENSE.
DIA MASSAGED MY SHOULDERS.
WE WERE ALONE IN THE ROOM,
AND I-I GOT AROUSED.
MY WIFE HAS BEEN ILL, AND I--
THIS IS
INCREDIBLY EMBARRASSING.
- GO ON.
- IN A MOMENT OF WEAKNESS,
I LET HER GIVE ME...
A MANUAL RELEASE.
YOU CAN SEE HOW
I DIDN'T THINK THAT COULD
IN ANY WAY FATHER A CHILD.
- JUST TO BE CLEAR,
YOU'RE SAYING THAT
DIA RETRIEVED YOUR SEMEN,
AND THEN USED IT
TO IMPREGNATE HERSELF?
- YOU SEE HER DO THAT?
- NO, I-I--WHEN IT WAS OVER,
I LEFT THE ROOM.
IMM--IMMEDIATELY.
YOU CAN APPRECIATE
THAT THIS IS NOT SOMETHING
THAT I WANT MADE PUBLIC.
- OR YOUR WIFE TO FIND OUT.
OKAY.
SO ONE MORE QUESTION, COUNSELOR.
HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW
WENDELL FEENEY?
- I DON'T THINK
I KNOW WHO THAT IS.
- NO?
WELL HE FAKED
THE ADOPTION PAPERS
FOR DIA'S BABY.
HE FAKED A SURROGACY AGREEMENT
TO PLACE THE BABY
WITH THE LEDDYS.
- I HAD NOTHING
TO DO WITH THIS.
DIA DIDN'T EVEN TELL ME
SHE WAS PREGNANT.
- HE GAVE THE SAMPLE
AT THE CLINIC.
YOU CAN--
YOU CAN CHECK THE SHIPPING.
TESSA HAS BRAYDON'S FAIR SKIN,
AND HIS SMILE.
LOOK AT HIS BABY PICTURES.
THIS IS A MISTAKE.
- I'M SORRY.
AND YOUR SURROGATE,
ERIN MURPHY?
SHE DIDN'T GIVE BIRTH TO TESSA.
DIA NOBILE DID.
- OH, MY GOD.
- NO. WAIT, WAIT.
FEENEY TOLD ME
HE HANDLED EVERYTHING.
HE TOLD ME TESSA
IS OUR CHILD.
SHE IS OUR CHILD.
- DO YOU REALLY THINK
THEY WOULD GIVE OUR DAUGHTER
TO THAT WOMAN WHO KIDNAPPED HER?
- THAT'S UP TO THE COURT.
LOOK, YOU HAVE RAISED TESSA
SINCE BIRTH.
I ADVISE GETTING THE BEST LAWYER
YOU CAN AFFORD.
- DETECTIVES, I UNDERSTAND
MR. FEENEY IS DECEASED?
- YES, YOUR HONOR.
- CAN ANYONE IN HIS FIRM
HELP US?
- NO, THESE JOBS
WERE OFF THEIR BOOKS.
WE SEARCHED HIS HOME AND OFFICE.
THERE'S NO PAPER TRAIL.
- OKAY.
WE HAVE A WOMAN WHO GAVE UP,
THEN KIDNAPPED
HER OWN BIOLOGICAL DAUGHTER.
WE HAVE CUSTODIAL PARENTS
WITH FRAUDULENT PAPERS.
- THERE'S NO EVIDENCE MY CLIENTS
WERE AWARE OF THE FRAUD,
YOUR HONOR.
- OBJECTION!
THE LAWYER WAS THEIR COUSIN.
- SIT DOWN, MS. NOBILE.
- WE'RE SORRY, YOUR HONOR,
BUT WENDELL FEENEY
WAS RELATED TO THE LEDDYS.
HE DECEIVED MS. NOBILE
INTO BELIEVING THEY WOULD
ONLY HAVE TEMPORARY CUSTODY.
- YEAH, THEY BOUGHT TESSA,
AND TRIED TO COVER IT UP
BY PRETENDING
TO HAVE A SURROGATE.
- NO, HOW DARE YOU!
THIS--[grunts].
WE WERE LIED TO!
THIS WOMAN,
SHE KIDNAPPED OUR CHILD.
- ENOUGH.
[gavel banging]
ALL OF YOU.
MS. NOBILE, WHETHER OR NOT
THE LEDDYS WERE
IN LEAGUE WITH MR. FEENEY,
YOU ALSO USED MR. FEENEY
AS YOUR LAWYER.
YOU SIGNED AWAY
YOUR PARENTAL RIGHTS.
HOW DID YOU COME
TO HIRE MR. FEENEY?
- IN ORDER TO PROTECT
THE PRIVACY OF THE FATHER,
I CAN'T ANSWER THAT, YOUR HONOR.
- ARE YOU REALLY
JUST GOING TO ACCEPT THAT?
THAT IS RIDICULOUS.
- ENOUGH, MR. LEDDY.
THIS IS A DIFFICULT DECISION.
I KNOW YOU'VE RAISED TESSA
WITH CARE AND LOVE.
- THEY BOTH WORK!
THEY WEREN'T EVEN WATCHING HER
IN THE PARK.
- I WON'T WARN YOU AGAIN,
MS. NOBILE.
BUT GIVEN THAT MR. FEENEY WAS
A RELATIVE OF YOURS,
I NEED FURTHER ASSURANCE THAT
YOU HAVE NO CULPABILITY.
IN THE MEANTIME,
I'M SIGNING A TEMPORARY ORDER
THAT TESSA LEDDY BE REMANDED
TO THE A.C.S.
PENDING A FINAL CUSTODY HEARING.
- PLEASE, PLEASE, NO.
- NO. SHE'S OURS.
- SHE IS MINE!
- YOU'RE A CRAZY BITCH!
- BRAYDON, NOT IN FRONT
OF THE JUDGE.
- I'M SORRY, I'LL HAVE
TO ASK THE A.C.S OFFICER
TO TAKE CUSTODY.
- NO--NOW?
- NO, NO, NO.
- PLEASE, PLEASE DON'T DO THIS.
- JOSIE, JOSIE, JOSIE.
- PLEASE, NO, YOU CAN'T.
- IT'S OKAY, LOOK, JOSIE.
- YOU CAN'T JUST TAKE HER AWAY.
PLEASE, DON'T TAKE HER FROM ME.
YOU CAN'T DO THIS, PLEASE.
[Tessa crying]
- IT'S OKAY, BABY.
[sobbing]
- IT'S OKAY.
NOW WHAT?
NOW WHAT DO WE DO?
- YOU PROVE THAT YOU WEREN'T
COMPLICIT IN THE FRAUD.
- HOW? HOW DO WE PROVE
THAT FEENEY LIED TO US?
- DID FEENEY EVER MENTION
KENT WEBSTER?
- NO, NEVER.
- YOU EVER SEE HIS NAME
ON PAPERWORK?
MAYBE A NOTATION IN THE FILE?
OVERHEAR A PHONE CALL?
- THE SUNDAY THAT WE PICKED
TESSA UP FROM FEENEY'S OFFICE,
HE DID CALL SOMEONE.
- RIGHT, IT WAS QUICK.
JUST, "IT'S DONE, YOUR HONOR."
- "YOUR HONOR."
- DETECTIVES, CAN'T THIS WAIT?
IT'S OUR ANNIVERSARY.
- NO, IT CAN'T.
WE NEED TO ASK YOU SOME
QUESTIONS ABOUT WENDELL FEENEY.
- I ALREADY TOLD YOU,
I DON'T KNOW HIM.
- MAYBE.
DID YOU KNOW YOUR FATHER,
JUDGE CLARK WEBSTER,
KNEW FEENEY?
- EXCUSE ME?
- YEAH.
THE NIGHT THAT THE LEDDYS
PICKED UP TESSA FROM FEENEY,
HE MADE A CALL TO THE JUDGE.
- YEAH, WE DID SOME CHECKING.
IT TURNS OUT FEENEY'S
FIRST YEAR OUT OF LAW SCHOOL,
HE WAS UP ON A FELONY CHARGE,
FACING DISBARMENT.
AND YOUR FATHER VACATED
THE JUDGMENT.
SAVED FEENEY'S CAREER.
- YOUR FATHER CLEANED UP
FEENEY'S MESS.
AND 30 YEARS LATER,
HE'S CLEANING UP YOURS.
- DID MS. NOBILE TELL YOU
THIS FANTASY?
FEEL FREE TO ASK MY FATHER.
- OH, WE INTEND TO.
UNDER OATH.
- GOOD NIGHT, DETECTIVES.
NOW THAT YOU'VE RUINED
OUR DINNER,
CAN YOU LEAVE US IN PEACE?
- DADDY?
- WHAT HONEY?
- TELL ME THIS CAN'T BE TRUE.
- WHAT?
- YOU WERE WITH HER TODAY?
KISSING HER?
- OKAY, HONEY, LET ME JUST--
HERE, LET ME JUST--YEAH--
[struggling]
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
- HONEY, NO--
- GET OFF ME!
- WHAT?
TH--THIS IS FROM TODAY.
THIS IS YOUR ONE-TIME MISTAKE?
- GILLIAN...
NOT HERE, OKAY?
I CAN EXPLAIN.
- YOU BASTARD.
HOW COULD YOU?
- THIS IS NOT
WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
- THIS IS EXACTLY HOW IT LOOKS.
- HONEY, HONEY--
- OH, THAT'S WHY THAT WHORE
CAME TO OUR HOUSE?
YOU WERE SCREWING HER
THIS WHOLE TIME?
IN OUR HOUSE
WHEN I WAS IN THE HOSPITAL!
- MS. WEBSTER.
MS. WEBSTER, PLEASE.
- YOU HAD A BABY WITH HER!
- NOW WE KNOW
HOW THEY GOT THESE PICTURES.
DIA CALLED THE PAPARAZZI
ON HERSELF.
UGH, LMZ GOT AN ANONYMOUS TIP
FROM A FEMALE SAYING
THAT KENT WEBSTER WAS MEETING
HIS MISTRESS AT A HOTEL.
- DIA KNEW THAT HE WAS GOING OUT
FOR HIS ANNIVERSARY,
SO SHE WANTED TO PUNISH HIM.
- BUT NONE OF THIS PROVES
KENT SET UP
THE FRAUDULENT PLACEMENT
OF TESSA.
- WELL, IF HE DIDN'T DO IT,
HIS FATHER DID.
WHEN DO WE GET TO TALK
TO THE JUDGE?
- WELL, IT'S TOO LATE.
AN HOUR AGO,
THE ESTEEMED JUDGE CLARK WEBSTER
WENT INTO THE D.A.'S OFFICE
AND LIED UNDER OATH
TO HIS ASSOCIATES.
HE SWORE THAT HE HADN'T SPOKEN
TO FEENEY IN OVER A DECADE.
- AND THEY BELIEVED HIM?
- A LOCAL PRECINCT JUST GOT
A REPORT OF A DOMESTIC
DISTURBANCE AT DIA'S LOFT.
- TELL THEM WE'LL HANDLE IT.
[shuffling, rummaging]
- TURN AROUND.
LET ME SEE YOUR HANDS.
- DETECTIVES, DIA--
DIA'S BEEN MURDERED.
- GET YOUR HANDS UP WHERE
I CAN SEE THEM!
- YOU CAN'T THINK
THAT I DID THIS.
- YES, WE CAN.
GET YOUR HANDS UP!
GET 'EM UP!
- AGAIN, SHE WAS DEAD
WHEN I GOT THERE.
- "SHE"?
YOU MEAN YOUR LOVER, DIA.
- WHAT TIME?
- MAYBE FIVE MINUTES
BEFORE YOU ARRIVED.
- WHAT WERE YOU DOING THERE?
- I WAS UPSET
ABOUT HER HARASSMENT.
I WENT TO TALK TO HER.
- WELL, WHEN YOU SAW THAT SHE
WASN'T REALLY HOLDING UP
HER END OF THE CONVERSATION,
WHY DIDN'T YOU
CALL THE POLICE?
- I WAS ABOUT TO.
- SO IT MUST'VE BEEN YOUR PHONE
THAT YOU WERE LOOKING FOR
IN HER DESK DRAWER.
- PERSONAL ITEMS
I WANTED TO RETRIEVE.
- WHILE SHE WAS BLEEDING OUT.
WHAT COULD BE SO IMPORTANT?
- SEX TAPES.
DIA CALLED AND SAID
SHE WOULD LEAK THEM.
HE CAN'T HURT ME ANYMORE,
BUT FOR HANNAH, I-I...
I BEGGED KENT TO CALL HER,
GET HER TO CHANGE HER MIND.
- WHAT TIME DID DIA CALL?
- 3:00.
I DIDN'T CHECK THE BLOCK.
CLOCK! CLOCK.
- OKAY.
AND KENT AGREED
TO TALK TO DIA?
- I HAVE NEVER HEARD HIM
SO ANGRY.
- GILLIAN SAID DIA CALLED
THE HOUSE AT 3:00?
SHE'S CONFUSED, THE TUMOR.
IT WAS 6:00.
- YOU SURE?
- YEAH, I WAS IN MY CLUB,
LOCKER ROOM.
LOCAL NEWS CAME ON.
- 'CAUSE THE THING IS,
COUNSELOR?
WE HAVE
A FIVE MINUTE PHONE CALL
FROM DIA'S LANDLINE
TO YOURS AT 3:00 P.M.
- I WAS STILL IN MY OFFICE.
LISTEN...
MY WIFE CALLED ME
AT 6:00.
SHE TOLD ME THAT DIA
WAS THREATENING
TO RELEASE A SEX TAPE.
- LET ME SEE YOUR CELL PHONE.
- SHE WAS DEAD WHEN I GOT THERE.
SOMEONE SET ME UP.
- SERIOUSLY? WHO?
- I DON'T KNOW.
I NEED TO TALK TO MY WIFE.
- COULD HAVE CALLED
HIS OWN CELL.
- OR HIS WIFE WAITED
THREE HOURS TO CALL.
IT GIVES HER ENOUGH TIME.
- THE WOMAN IS GRAVELY ILL.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
- JUST THAT WE SHOULD
GO BACK TO HER.
- BEFORE YOU DO,
CHECK HIS ALIBI,
AND SEE WHERE WARNER IS
ON THE TIMELINE.
- I COULDN'T LIFT ANY PRINTS
OFF THE HEALING CRYSTAL,
BUT IT IS THE MURDER WEAPON.
20 POUNDS, MULTIPLE BLOWS.
BLUNT FORCE TRAUMA WITH
DEPRESSED SKULL FRACTURES.
- CAN YOU PIN DOWN A TIME?
- RECTAL TEMPERATURE
AT 8:00 P.M. WAS 94 DEGREES,
SO SOMETIME BETWEEN
3:00 AND 5:00.
- NOT 6:00?
- WARM DAY?
BODY WOULDN'T HAVE COOLED
THAT FAST.
- KENT'S ALIBI CHECKED OUT.
CAMPUS SECURITY PUTS HIM
IN HIS OFFICE TILL 4:00.
CLUB CONFIRMS HE WAS THERE
FROM 5:00 TO 6:00.
- WELL, IT DOES GIVE HIM
A LITTLE WINDOW.
- WHAT, SO HE KILLS HER AT 4:30
AND COMES BACK TO
THE CRIME SCENE TWO HOURS LATER?
- I'D LIKE TO THINK
HE'S SMARTER THAN THAT.
- WELL, MAYBE HE IS.
I GOT AN AUDIO FILE
OF THE 911 CALL?
ANONYMOUS, FROM A PAYPHONE,
AT 6:10.
TELL ME IF I'M CRAZY.
- SCREAMS COMING FROM
245 VANDAM, TOP FLOOR.
I-I THINK SOMEONE'S BEING SKIRT.
- MA'AM?
- UH, YES, HURT.
I THINK SOMEONE'S BEING HURT.
- NOT SO ANONYMOUS.
- TOP FLOOR.
I-I THINK SOMEONE'S BEING SKIRT.
- MA'AM?
- UH, YES, HURT.
I THINK SOMEONE'S BEING--
- WE CAN HAVE A VOICE ANALYSIS
DONE, BUT THAT'S YOU,
ISN'T IT MRS. WEBSTER?
- [pops lips]
- MRS. WEBSTER?
MRS. WEBSTER, ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
MRS. WEBSTER!
- HEY, WE NEED AN AMBULANCE!
- [sighs] SO THE DOCTOR SAYS
SHE HAD A FOCAL SEIZURE,
WHICH IS COMMON
FOR HER KIND OF BRAIN TUMOR.
HE SAID WE CAN TALK TO HER,
BUT NOT FOR LONG.
MRS. WEBSTER.
- DON'T CALL ME THAT, PLEASE.
- OKAY.
LOOK, IF YOU'RE FEELING
UP TO IT, WE'D LIKE TO
CONTINUE THE CONVERSATION.
- OH, HONEY, GET ME SOME JUICE.
- HOLD UP A SECOND, HANNAH.
UM, CAN YOU TELL US WHERE YOU
WENT YESTERDAY AFTER SCHOOL?
- I CAME HOME.
- TO TAKE CARE OF ME.
- ALL AFTERNOON?
- YES.
- WELL, HOW ABOUT YOUR MOM?
WAS SHE HOME ALL AFTERNOON TOO?
- MOM?
- YEAH, YOU DON'T HAVE TO
ANSWER THAT.
YOU GO AHEAD OUT
INTO THE WAITING ROOM.
GO, DARLING.
SHE'S TRYING TO PROTECT ME.
IT'S--IT'S NOT FAIR TO HER.
- HOW DO YOU MEAN?
- DIA DID CALL ME
AT 3:00 YESTERDAY.
- TO TELL YOU
ABOUT THE SEX TAPE.
- TO GLOAT.
SHE--
I TOLD HER THAT I-I WANTED
TO TALK TO HER.
SHE TOLD ME
TO COME TO HER PLACE.
- AND YOU THOUGHT
YOU COULD REASON WITH HER?
- CRAZY, I KNOW.
SHE'S DRIVEN ME CRAZY.
WHEN I GOT THERE,
I-I BEGGED HER
TO LEAVE MY FAMILY ALONE.
SHE JUST LAUGHED IN MY FACE.
SHE--SHE TOLD ME THAT SOON
SHE WOULD BE KENT'S WIFE,
AND HANNAH'S NEW MOM.
AND I-I JUST LOST IT.
I PICKED UP THE
CRYSTAL, AND I--
[sighs]
[groans]
I'M NOT SORRY.
I WENT HOME AND I TOOK A NAP,
AND...HANNAH WOKE ME
FOR DINNER.
I CALLED KENT AND I TOLD HIM
TO GO TO THE LOFT.
- AND THEN YOU CALLED 911.
- I WAS SO ANGRY WITH HIM.
- GILLIAN,
YOU CERTAINLY HAVE REASON
TO BE ANGRY WITH YOUR HUSBAND.
BUT I NOTICED THE OTHER DAY...
THAT YOU COULDN'T PICK UP
THE WATER PITCHER.
I MEAN, MY PARTNER
HAD TO DO IT FOR YOU, RIGHT?
- WELL, I HAVE
GOOD DAYS AND BAD.
- WELL, THE CRYSTAL,
THE MURDER WEAPON,
HOW BIG WAS IT?
TWICE AS HEAVY
AS THAT PITCHER.
- ANGER GAVE ME STRENGTH.
- GILLIAN...
WE SAW HANNAH'S HURT.
SHE'S BEEN BY YOUR SIDE
THROUGH THIS WHOLE THING.
- DID SHE CALL YOU FROM DIA'S?
- NO. NO, DIA DID.
I TOLD YOU THAT.
- DIA DIDN'T HAVE
YOUR HOME NUMBER.
KENT CHANGED IT.
FOR HIS OWN SAKE, REMEMBER?
- GILLIAN...
IF HANNAH CONFRONTED DIA,
A JURY WILL UNDERSTAND
HER EMOTIONAL STATE.
- WOULD THEY?
A JURY WOULD UNDERSTAND
A 15-YEAR-OLD
BEING INVITED OVER THERE
FOR AN APOLOGY,
AND INSTEAD BEING SHOWN
A HOME-MADE SEX VIDEO,
SO SHE COULD UNDERSTAND
HOW TRULY BEAUTIFUL
THEIR LOVEMAKING WAS?
- BUT IF THAT'S HOW
THIS WENT DOWN--
- NO, NO.
IT DIDN'T.
PEOPLE ALWAYS TALK
ABOUT THE JOY.
THEY SAY, "HOW SAD IT WILL BE
THAT YOU'LL MISS HER--
HER FIRST KISS, HER WEDDING."
WHAT PARENTS REALLY WANT IS...
TO PROTECT THEIR CHILD.
I'M--I'M BEGGING YOU,
LET ME PROTECT MY CHILD.
IT'S THE LAST THING
THAT I'LL BE ABLE TO DO FOR HER.
PLEASE?
- HANNAH.
- I NEED TO GIVE
MY MOM HER JUICE.
- JUST A COUPLE THINGS--
- SHE NEEDS ME.
I'M SORRY.
- GILLIAN HAS MADE SURE
THAT HANNAH GETS COUNSELING.
FOR EVERYTHING.
THE COUNSELOR
IS GONNA REPORT DIRECTLY TO ME.
NICK, I CAN DO THIS ON MY OWN.
IF YOU HAVE ANY DOUBTS--
- SO...
GILLIAN'S CONFESSION.
SHE RAISED THAT HEAVY CRYSTAL
AND REPEATEDLY STRUCK
DIA'S HEAD?
- MOTHERS HAVE BEEN KNOWN
TO LIFT A CAR
WHEN THEIR ADRENALINE'S
PUMPING.
- HAVE WE RULED OUT
OTHER SUSPECTS?
HER DAUGHTER, WHERE WAS SHE?
- HOME, ALL AFTERNOON,
LOCKED IN.
[door opens, closes]
- GILLIAN WEBSTER...
FOR THE CRIME OF
MANSLAUGHTER IN THE FIRST
DEGREE, HOW DO YOU PLEAD?
- GUILTY.
- BAILIFF, TAKE THE DEFENDANT
INTO CUSTODY.
- MOMMY, NO!
- SHH, SHH, SHH, SHH.
- [sniffles]